[Saxe] Previously onGhost...
I made this is in just
a few hours
without even leaving campus.
We could make a killing here.
All I need is a supplier.
[Lorenzo] Make sure he
does what we say.
If you don't, Tariq dies.
I know you're selling out there
to pay for Davis.
Ma, I'm doing what I need to do
to get you out, all right?
It doesn't matter
what I'm doing.
You need to go get a gun.
Ghost and Tommy used to have
these dead drops
all over the city.
There should still be a gun
in one of those spots.
[Monet] We have a new
business partner,
Tariq St. Patrick.
[both] What?
Monet sent you over here
to spy on me, didn't she?
You just show me
how you do your business,
we can make this quick.
-You've got a partner?
-I don't.
[Dru] I guess that's you.
[shower running]
[Monet] Dru, I want you to be
careful with yourself.
Nobody's gonna have your back
like your family.
Jesus Christ, Riley,
what have you done now?
If you weren't
a U.S. Attorney,
your mouthy niece would be
in Rikers Island right now.
I'll do whatever you want.
There is something
you can do for me.
Eyes on the target.
Do not talk to him.
You have a really dark energy.
-Has anyone ever told you that?
-Nope.
Is the guy in the Strahan
jersey always such a dick?
He's shy, but don't worry
about him.
Just worry about me.
[chuckles]
Jabari, when's your
second book come out?
Came out already.
Came and went.
[chuckles]
I'm currently hard at work
on my next novel.
[Tariq]
What am I paying you for?
The spotlight
has been on Tasha.
We're moving it over to Saxe.
We expose his malfeasance.
He gets thrown off the case.
The whole thing goes away.
You tell me a secret, then
maybe I'll tell you a secret.
I could tell you...
or I could show you.
[light dramatic music]
[phone buzzes]
Who's Diana?
♪ ♪
[Joe] ♪ They say this is
A big, rich town ♪
♪ I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby
I gotta make it ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
And turns, bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live, I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
In these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey, I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15 minutes
They moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow, bag it
Then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options
Get some blow or some hoes ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it, man
In the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal, royal flow
My James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007
That's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes ♪
♪ And tell her
Baby, I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration
You're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
Moving with no hesitation ♪
[Joe] ♪ They say this is
A big, rich town ♪
♪ Yeah, I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby
I gotta make it ♪
♪ ♪
[all] ♪ Happy birthday
To you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday
Dear Tariq ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
-[Tasha] Right.
-[laughter]
-[Tasha] Okay, blow.
-[Estelle] Yeah.
[Tasha] All right,
get it, get it!
-[all cheer]
-There you go.
[Estelle] Yes, yes!
My baby is 18.
-You grown now.
-Yep.
Yes, oh,
I'm so proud of you.
Thank you, Grandma.
-[light laughter]
-[knock at the door]
[Estelle] Okay, who's ready
for some cake?
-[Yasmine] Me.
-[Tariq] You know she is.
[Estelle] All right.
Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
Baby girl.
Did I miss the cake?
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Estelle] There you go.
There you go.
You're welcome.
W-what are you doing here?
What do you mean?
It's our birthday.
Why wouldn't I be here?
I am so sorry.
Baby girl, I wasn't there.
I wasn't there to protect you.
I love you so much.
Ma, you're acting weird.
I love you too, um...
Did Tariq beat me home?
[sobs]
[Tasha] Oh, my God.
[gentle music]
[high-pitched squeaking]
♪ ♪
[wheel squeaking]
[buzzer blares]
[door clangs open]
[door closes]
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
[line trilling]
Hey, Ma.
Happy birthday, 'Riq.
Thank you.
How you doing in there?
I'm-I'm good.
How 'bout you?
What are you doing today?
You know I wanna see you
on your birthday.
[hip-hop music playing]
Yeah, I'm gonna come visit you,
but I gotta study
for this test I have to take.
So I gotta go right now.
I'll talk to you later.
O-okay.
I love you.
Good luck on your test.
See you soon.
All right, love you.
[hip-hop music playing]
You've gotta stop
showing up here.
I know Davis
sent you a subpoena
to testify
at my recusal hearing.
You can't say anything
about me being at Truth
the night of St. Patrick's
murder.
I'll be under oath.
If they ask, I have to say
you were there.
I have to say that someone
is blackmailing you
with that information.
At least you were smart enough
not to tell me who it is.
Tameika, please, don't do this.
You'll ruin my life.
It's not your life
I'm concerned about.
Just drop the charges.
You know Tasha
isn't the queenpin.
You know you are wrong.
This can all go away.
It's out of my hands.
I don't have a choice.
You are the U.S. Attorney.
Why the fuck is it
out of your hands?
I can't tell you.
Right.
I'm not your lawyer anymore.
You put me in this position.
I told you this would happen.
Cooper, if I get on that stand,
you are fucked.
You have to stop this train
before it runs you
off the tracks.
[Tameika] Now get out.
Fuck.
[Monet] Believe it or not,
there's a method to becoming
a savage in the game.
It's a skill.
To control a nigga,
you gotta always be able
to think ahead of him.
Whatever you say to him
should always lead him
back to you.
Ma, I don't even know
what that means.
It means a man doesn't
fall in love with you.
He falls in love
with the image of himself
that he sees in your eyes.
You make him think he's lit,
he'll always come back to it.
That's better than any drug
we can sell.
It's about being a woman
in a man's world.
Men have certain advantages.
I'm teaching you how
to even the playing field.
You see how I got
Detective Ramirez on lock.
Ma, that's easy.
You sleeping
with the caught-up nigga.
Listen, any thot can give
a man some pussy.
But if sex is the best thing
you think you have to offer,
then you
underestimate yourself
and how much a man needs
a woman he can depend on.
That's the secret to control.
[engine revs]
[Diana] Doesn't look like
he's under control.
It's all a part of the plan.
Get him hooked on it,
then take it away.
Watch this.
Mo, stop playing.
Open up.
That's the problem,
you think I'm playing.
You don't respect
my boundaries,
so from now on, I'll call you
when I wanna see you.
What's the matter with you?
Let me come in,
and we can talk about this.
No, I have a business to run.
You think my world stops
because you show up?
-I never said that.
-Your actions say enough.
You show up here
all unannounced
with nothing but hard dick
and bubble gum
and nothing to offer?
Why does everything have to be
transactional with you?
I just wanna see you.
Look, you're seeing me
through the door.
I said what I said.
Fuck outta here!
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
What do Monet need to talk
to me about?
What's the reason
for this meeting?
She ain't say, all right?
All she said was to pick you up
and drop you off.
♪ Gotta bust until it click ♪
♪ Had to work to try the jug ♪
[Tariq]
What's he doing over here?
He looking for you
or he just part of the fam?
Neither, he just
a dirty-ass cop.
How come Monet trust
a crooked cop?
Man, you know them niggas
is worse than regular cops.
Facts.
These niggas only
come around and take shit.
Your money, your freedom,
or your life.
What's that cop taking
from Monet?
He feeds us information
and keeps us from getting
jammed up.
Hm, I know it's expensive
keeping a nigga like that
on payroll.
How much he be taxing y'all?
What's up, Diana?
Tariq, I didn't know
you were coming by.
Hey, what's up with your mans?
Who you talking about, Cane?
I'm talking about
that bum-ass cop
you had parked out front.
-What?
-[Diana] Chill out, bro.
[Cane] Nah, fuck that.
This my house too.
I wanna know
why this nigga Ramirez
feels comfortable enough
to show up during the day,
where anybody could see him
and he fuck up our business.
Cane, you know
we do not discuss
family business
in front of company.
Ma, you're always talking
family first bullshit.
But it's starting to feel
like you're choosing outsiders
over your own fucking family.
Boy, you better fall back
before you say some shit
you regret.
Hey. Come on.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Cane loses his place sometimes.
He's not a bad kid.
He's just confused.
So is Dru.
I send him to your school,
and he comes back with this?
You have any idea
who this could be?
Hey, Dru did this?
You know he drew it.
Who is it, Tariq?
I-I don't recognize him,
but maybe Zeke does.
I'm too busy
writing Zeke's papers
and writing my papers
and on top of that
moving your product,
so honestly,
I don't have much time
to hang out with anyone.
All right, I'll ask Zeke.
[phone buzzes]
I gotta get back to the city,
so if this is all, then...
[door opens]
Man, what the fuck
do you want?
[sighs]
Tameika's been subpoenaed
to testify
at my recusal hearing
by your lawyer.
Now, that sounds like
a you problem.
[Saxe scoffs]
Davis wants Tameika
to tell the judge
how fucking dirty you are.
Why do you think your mother
fired Tameika, huh?
It doesn't matter.
All right, Tameika
can't tell the court
anything that my mom told her.
Tameika told me that herself.
You can take
this bullshit subpoena
and get the fuck
outta my face.
Tariq, I told Tameika
I went to Truth the night
of your father's murder.
What?
Well, that's your own
dumbass fault.
I didn't say anything
to anyone.
Well, that's the problem.
I told Tameika someone saw me.
If she figures out it was you,
Judge Larkin is gonna ask why
you never mentioned it before.
She's gonna want you
to testify.
I'm gonna have
to cross-examine you.
Our whole little arrangement
will come out.
[engine starts]
[Tariq sighs]
[phone chimes]
[phone buzzes]
Ma, did you know Davis
subpoenaed Tameika?
Yeah, I know.
Her testimony's gonna help
get Saxe thrown off the case.
What if she figures out what
really happened that night?
I think it's too risky, Ma.
Our conversations
were privileged.
So even if she wanted to,
technically there's nothing
she could say.
Well, she could say something
that places me at the scene.
-I saw Saxe at Truth that night.
-What?
Look, I've
been blackmailing him
this whole time to help you.
but I was the only one
that knew he was there,
but when Tameika
stopped being his lawyer,
he told her
that someone saw him.
You think they could prove
that it was me?
Tariq, why am I just
finding this out now?
Why didn't you tell me this
from the jump?
This is just like your father.
You promised me you would
never lie to me, and now look.
-Here we are.
-Ma, I'm nothing like Ghost.
All right, I wasn't lying.
I just didn't tell you
in order to protect you.
What?
Now you even sound like him.
A lie of omission
is still a motherfucking lie.
Tameika already thinks
you are the shooter.
That's what you don't know,
little boy.
She figured it out.
That's why I had to fire her.
So that's a lie
of omission, too, then.
Ma, why didn't
you tell me this?
Because it didn't matter
until now.
Everything Saxe told her
she could say
because it wasn't privileged.
If someone figures out
when you saw him,
or why you saw him, it messes
up our whole timeline.
You'll be exposed.
We gotta keep Tameika
off the stand.
She knows too much.
You need me
to take care of her?
What?
No.
No way.
You made a decision,
and now I'm making a decision.
I'll just tell Davis
to pull the subpoena.
You call no more shots
from here on out, okay?
I got us now.
[sighs]
I don't know why you don't
want a bubble tea.
It's really good.
I mean, are you off sugar?
That'd be great for your skin
if you can pull it off.
What?
Look, I-I don't want
a bubble tea.
I want information
about Tariq St. Patrick.
Why?
Because I'm prosecuting
his mother.
She claims to be broke,
but somehow can afford
the best defense attorney
in New York.
Now, if I can prove Tariq
is funding her legal team
with dirty money, I can
shut down the whole defense.
Have you seen him,
I don't know,
with any large lump sums
of cash?
Just anything suspicious.
I did overhear him on
the phone with his grandmother.
She was asking him for money.
-That's interesting.
-I know, right?
Usually it's the other way
around with college kids.
Speaking of which,
I wanna get my nose pierced,
and I was wondering if--
But how did you get close
enough to hear Tariq
on the phone
without him noticing you?
I've been spending the night
in his room a lot lately.
What the fuck?
You-you--[sighs]
You're sleeping with him?
Riley, I didn't tell you
to, ugh, do that.
In fact, I told you
not to talk to him.
First of all, Uncle Nancy,
I'm a woman now.
I can sleep with whoever,
whenever I want to.
-It's just sex.
-Oh, God.
But it's not Tariq
that I'm dating.
Apparently I'm not his type.
His roommate's my boyfriend,
I think.
I mean, we haven't talked
labels yet,
but I think
it's going that way.
I mean, I'm more polyamorous
if I think about it,
but I could give monogamy
a try,
like the olds,
and see if I like it.
Can we just please just
stop talking about sex and--
Who--who is this guy?
Brayden Weston.
He's square,
but he's rich, white,
privileged.
You'd like him.
He's just like you.
Eh, except his roommate, Tariq,
is from a notorious
crime family.
If Tariq is as badass
as you say he is,
then I have the best seat
in the house.
Fine.
Since you're already
spending time in the room,
I need you
to start keeping tabs
on who comes to visit Tariq
and report back to me.
But this is important.
Don't talk to him.
Don't ask him questions.
Just observe and report.
Observe and report.
You got it.
[sighs]
Now, some people also say that
O. Henry was satirizing love
by writing these characters
as fools.
So what do you all think?
[Jabari]
To be early is to be on time.
To be on time is to be late.
To be late is to be forgotten,
Mr. St. Patrick.
Yes, I know.
Um, I apologize.
I had some family issues
I had to take care of earlier.
Well, the 15-page paper was
due at the beginning of class.
It's 25 pages now.
[students murmuring]
Both Jim and Della
buy each other a gift
that ultimately seems
financially foolish,
because being poor,
they cannot afford
to waste money on things
they cannot use.
I need you to retract
the subpoena.
Wait, what?
Okay, Tameika's testimony
will reveal that Saxe
was working with you
to convict your husband,
which totally contradicts
his whole theory
about you being the queenpin.
Tameika knows every dirty thing
Saxe has ever done.
She knows where all
the bodies are buried.
Tasha, we need Tameika.
Hell, you need Tameika.
She puts the nail
in Saxe's coffin.
He recuses himself,
I refile to get
the charges dismissed,
and you--you could go home
the same day.
I am asking you, Davis,
do not put her on the stand.
And I'm telling you,
she's testifying.
What?
Hello, I'm the client.
And I'm the lawyer.
You wanna go home or not?
[indistinct chatter]
Tariq, listen, why is it
that we are the culture
where it's corny to be smart
or responsible?
Now, we as Black people
must fight daily
to change that narrative.
You're right.
Look, I know you have
a lot going on with your mom
and your dad,
but your behavior
reflects poorly upon us
as Black men on this campus,
and specifically me
as your professor.
Now, I am responsible
for you, Tariq.
Listen, you keep my parents
out of your mouth, all right?
Man, you need to do your job
instead of trying to be my dad.
I had a father, all right?
I don't need you.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Monet was pressing me
about some drawing earlier,
but I held it down.
I think she's trying to figure
out if you was, you know--
Yeah, nigga.
It's not no secret.
[chuckles]
My whole family knows.
Monet's testing you.
Testing me for what?
She's trying to see who
you're loyal to, me or her.
Yeah, I shoulda seen
that coming.
Yeah.
She looking at you
like you one of us now.
And that can be a gift
or a curse.
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
Look out for yourself, Tariq.
Tariq didn't want to be
straightforward with me
about Dru and that drawing.
But he's willing to send me
to question Zeke.
He got some loyalty for Dru.
Right.
And Cane and Tariq will never
be able to get along.
So under these circumstances,
your brothers will never
be able to learn
how he's moving our product
or if it's even possible
to cut him out
of the equation if we need to.
I'm leaning on you now, D.
You understand
what I said before.
Get Tariq alone, get any other
chicks out of view,
and get me some information.
[Monet]
And don't get caught up.
I won't.
Let me get the whole row
of Hennessy Black.
V.S.O.P.,
and regular Henny.
And let me get a few bottles
of Hpnotiq too.
Who the hell drinks Hpnotiq?
You mix the brown
with the blue,
and you get
the Incredible Fucking Hulk.
That shit'll put you
on your ass, baby.
I'm throwing Tariq
the party of the year
where "Henny-thing"
is possible.
So how are you gonna
keep the surprise from Tariq?
Okay, Tariq
will never find out.
He's hardly ever
at school anyways.
-Yeah.
-[Riley] Really?
So his parents are spending
all this money on tuition
and he's just blowing
his opportunity?
No, I-I didn't mean it like
that.
Like, he goes to class
and he handles his schoolwork,
but he just--he just
goes missing sometimes is all.
And that's not weird to you?
I mean, your best friend
just vanishes into thin air
like an X-Man.
Tariq just has a lot more
on his plate
than the average
college student, okay?
He's probably just going
to therapy or some shit.
[chuckles]
So you really don't have
any idea where he's going.
Whatever he does with his time
is his business,
and I respect his boundaries.
Well, you should
respect his boundaries
and cancel the party.
I mean, he doesn't
want to celebrate it.
Riley, you're really
being a buzzkill right now.
Oh, what up, man?
Yo, Zeke!
You know about this spot too?
These niggas
don't even card me.
Yeah, it's cause
you look old as fuck.
This my boo, Riley.
-[Riley] Hey.
-Pleasure to meet you, love.
Okay, so I'm throwing a party
for Tariq tonight
if you wanna roll through.
You know, bring some guys
from the ball team
and some thotties you know.
Oh, I go to parties
for new thots,
not my old ones.
Why bring sand to the beach?
If you wanna roll through,
you know,
it'd help me out a lot.
I need a little help.
I need to make this
as fun as possible.
-[Zeke] I got you, man.
-[Brayden] Yeah?
-Just need some girls there.
-I got you, man.
-You sure, yeah? [chuckles]
-Don't worry about it.
[Brandon] Hm.
Look, brother,
you know I ain't got nothing
but love for you.
We started from
the bottom together.
And once these white boys
messed up and let us
in the door,
we made a shit ton
of money together.
But my clients are more...
mainstream now.
That's great, okay?
You're gonna have more access
to mainstream media platforms
and other connections.
Now, I was thinking--
L-listen, listen.
You're right
about the connections.
But they're letting me rep
white writers now.
So if I bring your content
to the higher-ups,
it's gotta be twice as good.
All right, we don't get
to fuck up like this.
Understand?
I assume you didn't
even read it.
Let me guess,
you had your assistant
skim over it for you,
is that right?
Perhaps if it was like
your first one,
which felt more real,
rather than the second one.
-It was misunderstand.
-Shit, it was a flop.
Well, the royalties
from my first book
should be more
than enough money
to buy you some more
fancy fucking suits.
I simply came here to warn you
that if your next book
doesn't sell,
I'm gonna have
to let you go, brother.
So it's like that, brother?
[door opens]
Excuse me.
What are you doing here, Tariq?
Your T.A. Melissa
said I could find you here.
Do you have a second to speak?
[sighs] Yeah.
Look, I'm sorry for
my disrespectful remarks
and behavior earlier.
I know the best apology
is changed behavior,
so I won't be showing up
late to class anymore.
I also got those
25 pages done for you.
Accountability
breeds responsibility.
I respect that.
Thank you.
[phone buzzes]
Ma, how'd it go with Davis?
Not that great, Tariq.
He says that we need
Tameika to testify,
that once she tells
the court how dirty Saxe is,
I could come home.
So we let her testify,
and then I just take whatever--
whatever happens to me, right?
No, no, Tariq, if--
Ma, you don't understand.
If Tameika could help you
come home
and I have to stand up,
I'm gonna stand up.
I'm ready, Ma.
Tariq, I want you
to go talk to Tameika.
Convince her
not to take the stand.
What if she won't
listen to me?
[gate buzzes]
Make her listen.
[tense music]
[knocking]
Tariq, what are you
doing here?
Can I talk to you?
It's about my mom's case.
Come in.
Can I get you
something to drink?
This is a long subway ride
from Stansfield.
Yeah, um, water would be fine.
[gentle uneasy music]
♪ ♪
I'm fine, thank you.
Ms. Washington,
I'm-I'm gonna need you
to not testify tomorrow.
Tariq, I don't know
if Davis explained
this part of the case to you,
but my testimony
will help your mother's case.
It might even help her go home.
Yeah, she told me that,
but I'm afraid
something else
might happen too.
[Tariq] We both are.
What are you
afraid could happen?
I have to tell you something,
Miss Washington.
Something I never wanted
to tell anyone.
The night my father
was killed,
I saw Mr. Saxe at Truth.
And you told him you saw him?
I did.
I thought I could make him
help my mother.
I think we both know he tried.
But if you take
the stand tomorrow
and--and tell everyone
that he was there,
it could come out
that I saw him there.
And then I'll have to say
the rest of the things
I saw that night.
I'll have to say Tommy Egan
killed my father.
Your mother already
said that in court.
Yes, but she's
in a woman's jail.
He can't get to her.
I'm out here by myself.
I'm alone.
That makes sense, Tariq.
But can you answer
something for me?
Where exactly did
you see Cooper and when?
Why does that matter?
I don't think
he killed my father.
I don't think he did either.
♪ ♪
[knocking at door]
[Davis] Tameika,
I need to talk to you.
I'm gonna get rid of him.
Wait here.
[Davis] Come on,
I know you're in there.
Your car's out here.
-[knocking]
-I know you're in there!
Why does everyone
know my home address?
Look, I need to talk to you
about my client
and your testimony tomorrow.
This isn't a good time.
Okay, you're my witness,
right?
And you testify
in the morning, correct?
We don't have another time.
Tameika, let me in.
This isn't a good time.
[Davis]
Who's in there with you?
No one.
You don't lie that often,
do you?
You need practice.
Is Saxe in here?
-Davis. Davis--
-No, is Saxe in here?
I know y'all
are up to something, huh?
What, is he trying to get you
to change your testimony?
Saxe.
Saxe!
[sighs]
Okay, no one's here.
As I said.
Look, I'm-I'm sorry,
but something fucked up
is going on with my case,
Tameika, all right?
Why doesn't Tasha
want you to testify?
[sighs]
Sit down, Davis.
We need to talk.
Shit.
[breathing heavily]
[tense music]
[phone buzzes]
[phone chimes]
♪ She like the way
That I dance ♪
That I move ♪
♪ She like the way
That I rock ♪
That I woo ♪
♪ She let it clap
For a nigga ♪
[all] Surprise!
Hey, 'Riq!
Up to it, down to it...
[both] Fuck those
who don't do it.
Drink, motherfucker, drink.
-Cheers.
-What the fuck?
Bro, you serious?
That was my bad.
-Trace, sit the fuck down.
-Sorry.
Trace, sit down.
Forgive my drunk-ass brother.
There's a bathroom upstairs
if you wanna go
wash yourself off.
Bro, teach him how to hold
his liquor, all right?
Next time that happens,
he's getting these hands,
and I'm serious.
He was about
to kick your brother's ass.
Trace just doesn't
know his limit.
If he asks you
for any more liquor or pills,
just ignore him.
He's done for the night.
Tariq was overreacting.
Why does he have to be so rude?
Aren't his parents rich?
Like, he doesn't have
to pretend to be a thug.
Hey, what do his parents
even do for a living?
That's enough.
Why are you
so obsessed with him?
I'm done answering questions
about Tariq.
I'm gonna go check on him.
Can you just fill this up,
please?
Thank you.
♪ For all the times we
Had to face time ♪
♪ Free D-Nice,
He doin' state time ♪
♪ If you need the glizzy,
You could take mine ♪
♪ Please don't
Come out your mouth ♪
♪ You know I'm like that
I'll make a movie like TNT ♪
♪ Glock-30 on me,
Ask who really want it ♪
♪ I bet I air it like BNB ♪
♪ Nappy Blue wildin'
In my section ♪
♪ And I keep that .38
For the weapon ♪
♪ Remember when I came
Home from corrections ♪
♪ All the bad bitches
In my direction ♪
♪ She like the way
That I dance ♪
that I move ♪
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
-Ma.
-[Tasha] I talked to Davis.
She's still gonna testify.
I let you down, Ma.
I fucked up.
No, you didn't.
You couldn't.
This is my fault.
I put too much on you.
She didn't believe me.
I wanted to do
what you told me to,
but at least you're
getting out now, right?
I got it from here.
You go on ahead and be 18.
Well, I could still
come visit you.
No, Tariq.
I want you to go have fun.
Happy birthday, baby.
[sighs]
[uneasy music]
[phone beeping]
[line trills]
♪ ♪
Yes, I need to leave
a message for Davis MacLean.
This is Tasha Green.
Tell him--
tell him I don't want
my case to go to trial.
Tell him...
[woman]
Lights out in five minutes!
I want to take a deal.
[hip-hop music playing]
-Yo, 'Riq!
-Yo.
Happy birthday, bro.
Happy birthday, B-day boy.
Appreciate it.
Thank you, man.
Where the fuck
are you going?
I gotta get outta here, man.
I got shit to do.
No, this is your party, nigga.
Unless you got
some pussy lined up,
why the fuck would you leave?
[laughs]
I guess I could stay
a little longer.
I got you.
Don't even worry about it.
What's up, girls?
Ah, uh-uh.
Y'all can go.
Dismissed, bye.
Come on with your
cock-blocking ass.
Whatever.
They was trash anyway.
[Zeke] Ugh.
-Hey, Tariq.
-What up?
What you doing over here?
Monet send you?
No, I came 'cause
it's your birthday.
Why didn't you tell me
about it earlier?
I woulda got you
a gift or something.
I ain't too big on birthdays,
honestly.
What type of nigga
don't celebrate their B-day?
I mean, to each his own,
I guess.
So you not gonna offer me
a drink?
Help yourself.
Fine.
I'll make my own drink, Tariq.
But come keep me company
so Zeke's teammates
don't try to talk to me.
Them thirsty-ass niggas
be all over me.
Hey, yo, Ev.
I didn't know you was here.
-What's up?
-What's up, my nigga?
♪ ♪
What's up, bro?
[knocks lightly]
What were you just doing?
I was doing this.
When I should be doing that.
When did writing
become so hard, Carrie?
You know my agent cried
the first time he read my book.
I did too.
[gentle music]
-I should go.
-No.
Just stay.
-Maybe order some sushi.
-[sighs]
From the place that
we love so much.
That place that actually
cooks the fish.
[chuckles]
And then maybe
we could talk about my book.
♪ ♪
I have to go.
[Jabari] Just--
Just write what's
in front of you.
Your first book worked
because you didn't
make anything up.
You.
You are in front of me.
Okay?
You can't write about me.
And you definitely
can't write about us.
You keep pulling me back in.
I always give in to you.
I'm not gonna fall
for it again.
You need to find
another story.
Yo, did you notice Dru left
and never came back?
I didn't.
I'm not his keeper.
But when did he become
your concern, though?
I'm just saying this
ain't the hood, all right?
Cops will lock you up for
driving around Black out here.
Detective Ramirez gave us PBA
cards for situations like that.
We good.
I'm saying, though,
suppose he went
to go serve somebody.
He ain't come back.
You do the math.
Not even a PBA can save you
if you got product on you.
A'ight.
We should go find him then.
-Hi.
-What's up?
-Got that for you.
-Thanks.
Yeah.
It's really good.
-[Lauren] Hi.
-Hey, Lauren.
What's up?
[Diana] I don't know.
But you said you saw him.
You said you saw him leave.
I mean, I saw him walk out,
but I don't know where we went.
'Riq. 'Riq.
-What up?
-My advice worked.
I didn't even invite her.
Here, loosen up.
You might get lucky
tonight, bro.
She fucking wants you.
[laughs]
Tariq.
Hey, Tariq.
What up?
Who's your friend?
Um, Lauren, this is Diana.
She's Zeke's little cousin.
Ziana.
Nice to meet you, Lauren.
She's actually looking
for her brother.
Did you see Zeke out there
talking to anyone
while you walked in or not?
Nope, I haven't seen him.
Hey, can we talk in private
for a second?
-Yeah.
-[Tariq] Come on.
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
If the feeling is mutual...
then you would show it.
Look, I wish it was
that simple,
but basketball makes life
a bit more complicated for me.
-Wow.
-Soon you'll understand.
I understand, I understand
you a scary-ass motherfucker
who's trying to pretend
to be something he's not.
[knocking on window]
Hey, what's up?
You must be Diana.
I am.
And who the fuck are you?
-This is Everett.
-I'm just a fan of Dru's art.
We had class together.
He was drawing my tattoo.
I promised I'd make him
my official tat man
when I get to the NBA.
My nigga, are you for real?
Diana already knows the deal.
You're the only person who
thinks it's a fucking secret.
You're on the same
basketball team
as my cousin Zeke, right?
Zeke's your cousin?
Everett, don't worry.
She's not gonna
tell him anything,
and neither am I.
[tense music]
Ev. Ev!
Ev!
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Professor Milgram.
Zeke.
[chuckles]
How are you?
I'm good.
Can I sit?
Sure.
-I ain't know you wore glasses.
-[chuckles]
Well, I usually don't.
They're just for reading.
They look good on you.
Um...
so what are you doing here?
I mean, shouldn't you be
at a frat party?
Actually, I just came from one.
Not feeling it tonight, though.
Thank you.
What do you mean?
You know, it's the same girls
at every party
waiting for their chance
to say they messed with someone
that's going to the league.
Hmm.
You never know
who trying to play you.
You know, are they interested
in talking to me
because they wanna know me?
Or the idea of
what I could become?
I must say, I'm surprised.
[chuckles]
Most--most of the athletes
I advise,
they--they relish
the attention.
[both chuckle]
I ain't gonna lie,
in high school I did.
I was all about
getting girls and clout.
Now it's like
there's a heat lamp
on me everywhere I go.
I'm a walking lick.
A what?
Basically,
I'm another individual's
opportunity to come up.
Um...
so what does your mom say
about all of this?
Oh, we don't talk
about all that, yeah.
I moved in with my aunt
when I was in high school,
and I can't really talk
to her about it either, though.
You know, she just wants me
to stay focused
on getting to the NBA.
No distractions.
Your dad?
He wasn't around.
-I'm sorry.
-It's all good.
Can't miss someone
you never met.
You can still have feelings
about it, though.
[phone buzzes]
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
[laughs softly]
You're a lightweight.
Nah, I really just
don't drink.
You know, growing up,
I saw how it affected my father
and made him lose control,
and I made a promise to myself
to never be like him.
I used to drink lean, but
I don't do that anymore either.
Why you look
so pretty tonight?
It's for my birthday?
[sighs softly]
Yeah, and I shouldn't
even be here.
What you mean?
Why not?
You most definitely
should be here.
You know,
you deserve way better
than that fuck boy Malcolm.
You know I'm right.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
Whoa.
What's the matter?
You're drunk,
and I don't want it
to be like this.
Uh-uh, no, I'm fine.
[breathing heavily]
[Lauren]
You okay?
Tariq?
Tariq!
[muffled hip-hop music playing]
[sighs]
♪ ♪
-[woman] Yeah.
-[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
-[Tariq] Yo, yo.
-[Riley] Oh, hey.
Are you okay?
Hell, do you need
somewhere to live or something?
Like, fuck, you're always here
just bugging the shit
outta me.
Did you run away from home
or some shit?
Damn.
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music playing]
Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho.
What's going on?
Why were you in my room?
Um, Tariq's
passed out on your bed.
Oh, shit.
You put it on him that hard?
No wonder my brother can't
stay off you for five minutes.
Excuse me.
I was just checking on him.
Why don't you check on this?
[chuckles]
Ain't no fun unless
the bros get some.
You know you're a total
cliché, right?
Gross.
Oh.
Wakey-wakey, kid!
Come on, get the fuck
outta my room, dude.
[Tariq groans]
First you fuck
my brother's girl.
Now you're gonna
sleep in my bed?
Nah, get the fuck out.
-Fuck you, man.
-Yeah, happy birthday, bitch.
[mumbles indistinctly]
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ ♪
I should be heading home.
It's later than I thought.
[phone buzzes]
[BASECAMP'S "In Stone" playing]
♪ It was bound to happen
All along ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Cast in iron,
Carved in stone ♪
♪ ♪
We shouldn't be doing this.
♪ No changing course
And no control ♪
♪ This was set in motion
By the unknown ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The unseen hand
The door that waited ♪
♪ As the daylight faded out ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I was tied to your feet
Stuck to your words ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Beyond the shadow of
A shadow of a doubt ♪
♪ Once the sun came out ♪
♪ It was cast in iron,
Carved in stone ♪
♪ It was bound to happen
All along ♪
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music playing]
[overlapping chatter]
♪ ♪
Hey, are you all right?
-Get the fuck off me!
-What the fuck?
Chill out.
I'm trying to help you.
Don't tell me to chill,
all right?
I told you I didn't want
no party, man.
Man, get the fuck
outta my face.
♪ ♪
What are you doing
out here by yourself?
Minding my business.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
What's your problem?
I'm good.
I just wanna be left alone,
all right?
I respect that.
See you later,
all right?
-All right.
-Later.
♪ ♪
[Tariq] "Sacrificing
your greatest treasure
"without thinking
about the consequences
"and focusing instead
on making another person happy
"may not make sense
to the average person,
"but I believe sacrifice
for the people we love
"is part of life.
"It's supposed to be.
"It's not something
to regret.
"It's something to which
we should aspire.
"Sometimes it's the only thing
to be proud of.
The only thing
we've done right."
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[Jabari] "Sacrificing your
greatest treasure
without thinking
about the consequences..."
♪ ♪
[clears throat]
[Jabari] "And focusing
instead on making another--"
[phone buzzes]
Riley, you okay?
Uncle Nancy, I fucked up.
I was asking Brayden
a bunch of questions
about Tariq
like you told me to.
Oh, my God, I love you,
but you don't listen.
I said observe and report.
I didn't tell you
to ask anything.
You were asking
for more information.
And Brayden was clamming up,
so I thought that maybe
if I gave him some Zolpidem,
then he'd tell me
some more information.
What, you drugged him?
I didn't drug him.
I drugged Tariq.
God, Riley!
No, no, no.
That's bad, bad.
And now he's, like,
wandering around drugged,
Uncle Nancy, and it's, like,
all my fault,
and he left campus.
Wh--how do you know?
Well, I might've,
while he was passed out,
made it so that his cell
can share location
with my phone.
I can track him in real time.
You--you've violated his
civil rights,
like, 18 different ways, Riley.
If anyone finds out,
I'll be arrested.
-I'll deserve it.
-I was trying to help.
Just--where is he now?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Raina.
[breathing shakily]
Happy birthday to us.
[somber music]
I thought...
killing Ray Ray
would make me feel better.
But, Raina, I'm still hurting.
I'm still hurting
'cause I can't bring you back.
That shoulda been me.
It shoulda been me.
No, you should be here,
celebrating your birthday.
Look, I won't
let anything happen
to Ma or Yas now, okay?
I got them, I promise you.
Just save a spot up there
for me, all right, big head?
♪ ♪
You lied to everyone
and asked for the truth.
That's something you've
never given anyone.
Ma's in jail because of you.
She's in jail
'cause she took the weight
that you never would.
You were in the way.
And I had to.
I had to do it.
You're the only one
who understands.
[Tariq]
I did what you would've done.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Raina.
[toilet flushes]
Fuck, bro, you got some shit
you wanna get off your chest?
Yeah, bro.
You owe me a fucking apology.
For what?
"For what?"
Bro, you had no idea
what I went through
to put that party together.
And I tried to get you laid.
I wasn't in
the right state of mind, bro.
That drink you gave me
fucked me up.
And I tried to find you,
and you disappeared, okay?
You're ungrateful
for everything I do.
The app wouldn't be shit
without me,
and you don't even give me
that fucking respect.
Yo, is this Riley or you
talking right now?
Okay, fuck you, bro.
Don't try and make this
about her.
This is about you treating me
like we're not fucking boys.
You're always hiding shit
from me and disappearing.
I mean, that's
super fucking sus, bro,
and you know that shit.
Listen.
It's better off you don't know
what the fuck I'm into.
If the cops come
and grab me up,
you're gonna be the first
person they interrogate.
Okay, and how the fuck
am I supposed to know
what to say to them
if I don't know why the fuck
I'm being interrogated, Tariq?
You gotta let me know
if I'm in harm's way.
[sighs]
All right, listen.
You're right, bro.
You're right.
My bad, okay?
From now on, I'ma keep it
a buck with you.
Only thing you need to know
is that there's this family
from Queens,
and they're running shit.
What family?
It's Monet and Lorenzo.
They're the parents
and the plugs.
They've got their kids
in this business.
Dru, Cane and Diana.
Dru.
Is that Zeke's cousin
who I met here?
Yes.
But Zeke, he don't know
about this shit,
and it needs
to stay that way.
[Brayden] All right.
Cane is the nigga
you need to worry about.
He's the shooter.
All right, look,
Lorenzo's the king.
Monet's the queen.
Cane is the rook.
Dru is the knight.
Diana's the bishop.
Now if you can't reach me
for whatever reason
and one of them come here
asking about me,
you knock over
the right piece.
Now if it's an emergency,
you knock over
every piece on the board,
all right?
It's like we got our own
Bat Signal or something.
Yep, and you Robin.
Fuck you, bro.
Robin's cool.
[sighs]
And then Dru said something
about him and Everett
taking a art class together.
Well, Stevie Wonder could see
that Dru got a nigga
up at that school.
The boy never wants
to leave the place.
But that's not what
I sent you up there for.
What did you find out
about Tariq?
Ma, he wouldn't talk to me.
I tried.
[huffs]
You played him too close.
You let your emotions
cost us the advantage.
But, Ma, I tried it your way
and it didn't work.
That nigga shitted on me,
but I got the last laugh.
He had a piece.
Oh, my God.
Of course he was
carrying a gun.
He's gonna notice it's missing,
and guess who he's gonna
come looking for.
You just created a problem.
You need to smarten up,
or you will never survive
out here without me.
Now go to your room.
Go!
Get outta my face.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[door closes]
He's clean.
Why did you lie to me
to protect Dru?
Never act before you know
the lay of the land.
And also, I ain't
touch your daughter,
even though you sent her up
to find shit about me.
Which one of my children
can I trust the most?
Me.
My nigga.
Yo, I don't know
what you think you doing
running around here ass naked.
Cane, give him your burner.
What?
Fuck no.
Boy, don't make me
repeat myself.
I said what I said.
The little nigga
probably don't even know
how to use the motherfucker.
Thanks, Cane.
Yeah, fuck you.
Happy birthday, Tariq.
You always have a home
here with us.
Come on.
[door closes]
I stopped Tameika
from testifying.
I was hoping
for a thank you.
[scoffs]
What's the play here, Davis?
Are you backing off
the recusal?
No, I think I got
a better play.
Tameika told me
you were seen at Truth
the night of
James St. Patrick's murder.
Yeah, imagine.
The sitting U.S. Attorney
of the Eastern District
of New York
lying to the NYPD,
plus filing a false report.
And for what?
To hide that you're
witness to this murder?
Or worse?
Drop the charges
against my client,
and this all goes away.
Hmm.
You know, that's, uh--
that's funny because
your client doesn't want me
to drop the charges.
She wants to take a plea.
How do you know that?
Guards overheard her making
a phone call last night,
and, uh, I know why.
[phone beeps]
[Tariq] Ma's in jail
because of you.
She's in jail
'cause she took the weight
that you never would.
You were in the way.
♪ ♪
And I had to.
I had to do it.
I did what
you would have done.
[beeps]
Tariq...
shot his father.
Not Tommy Egan.
Tasha lied to protect him,
which is why she now
wants to take a plea
to make this all go away.
She's afraid the truth
will come out.
That shit's
inadmissible as fuck.
True.
But now that I know what
to look for, I'll find it.
You'll never get this in,
and I can still call
Tameika as a witness
and prove you've got
your own agenda.
So we're at an impasse.
Or an opportunity.
What do we both want?
Or rather, what's in
the interest of justice?
Tasha's not the queenpin.
She's not.
And you didn't kill
James St. Patrick.
I did not.
So if I back off the recusal
and we go to trial...
we work together.
I get Tariq
to take the stand,
and on cross,
you do your job.
So Tasha goes home.
And the real killer
goes to jail.
She won't be happy when
her son is convicted of murder.
He'll be tried as an adult now. He might get the needle.
He's not my client.
I don't care.
When Tasha's acquitted,
I'm in the win column.
[scoffs]
Is it a deal?
In the interest of justice...
it's a deal.
Tariq St. Patrick's
going to jail.
[tense music]
[hip-hop music]
♪ I've been waiting
On betrayal from the jump ♪
♪ Can't get me ♪
♪ Rise up, yeah ♪
♪ Must be the chosen one ♪
♪
♪ Keep risin'
and I show 'em up ♪
♪ Rise up, yeah ♪
♪ Trust I'm the chosen one ♪
♪ I'm a king, I'm a god ♪
♪ I'm the king,
I'm on fire ♪
♪ Raisin' up high ♪
♪ I done made so much
You cannot obtain ♪
♪ I miss the older vision
Loyal and order driven ♪
♪ My money moves you brother ♪
♪ But you make
Your own decision ♪
♪ Not to feel the tension
And not to mention ♪
♪ You've been mentioning
My name already ♪
♪ I've been waiting
On betrayal from the jump ♪
♪ I could tell, doing dirt
Put in work ♪
♪ I hope you all doing well ♪
♪ You ain't ♪
♪ My dawg ♪
♪ No way ♪
♪ Take off ♪
♪ I'm the number one pick
Throw the rock, Mike Vick ♪
♪ They dipped
out of town ♪
♪ They're not nowhere
to be found ♪
♪ You ain't ♪
♪ My dawg ♪
♪ No way ♪
♪ Take off ♪